[charts-pro] Add `pyramid` curve to `FunnelChart` (#17665)
mui/mui-x: docs/data/charts/funnel/funnel.md

It accepts a number that represents the radius in pixels.

- The `bump` curve interpolation will not respect the border radius.
- The `linear` and `pyramid` curve respects the border radius to some extent due to the angle of the sections.

> - The `step` and `step-pyramid` curve will respect the border radius.

Author: ```suggestion
- The `step` and `step-pyramid` curve respects the border radius.
```
